.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**IMPORTANT**

Before reporting a bug, make sure that you can reproduce it on the latest version of davincibox.

See the [upgrading](https://github.com/zelikos/davincibox#upgrading) section of the README for more information.

**Describe the bug**

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Installation method used**

- [ ] `setup.sh`
- Manual
  - [ ] Distrobox
  - [ ] Toolbox

**To Reproduce**

Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**

If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**System information (please complete the following)**

 - Distro: [e.g. Ubuntu 23.10]
 - Desktop Environment: [e.g. GNOME, KDE Plasma]
 - GPU: [e.g. AMD Radeon RX 6600 XT]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

chore: Get davincibox version info in issue template

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**IMPORTANT**

Before reporting a bug, make sure that you can reproduce it on the latest version of davincibox.

See the [upgrading](https://github.com/zelikos/davincibox#upgrading) section of the README for more information.

**Describe the bug**

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Installation method used**

- [ ] `setup.sh`
- Manual
  - [ ] Distrobox
  - [ ] Toolbox

**To Reproduce**

Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**

If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**System information (please complete the following)**

 - Distro: [e.g. Ubuntu 23.10]
 - Desktop Environment: [e.g. GNOME, KDE Plasma]
 - GPU: [e.g. AMD Radeon RX 6600 XT]
 - Davincibox version: [output of `podman image list | grep davincibox`, **not** the GitHub release number]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
